okay you ready to become the next
greatest detective
just pay real close attention to this
set of riddles you get one point for
each correct answer okay Sherlock let's
see how sharp your eye is with results
at the end here's an image of two ladies
in the countryside they seem to be alone
but are they three faces are hiding in
the photo can you spot them in seven
seconds here they are sue and Luke are
rowing down the river but something
seems off the water comes to life and
three faces appear can you spot them
[Music]
there's one near the top-left corner one
in the bottom-right corner and one
slightly in the middle okay
mathematician here are 90 numbers for
you but the number two only appears once
can you spot it in seven seconds
[Music]
it's the fourth one in the third row a
picture filled with w's but one of the
letters doesn't belong time to find it
[Music]
there's an M in the fourth row fourth
one from the right this one's worth
double points in the surreal mountain
you see in the photo there are multiple
camouflaged horses if you spot all eight
of them you get two points if you spot
less than 8 you get one points you get
10 seconds for this one here they are in
a crowd filled with elephants can you
spot the Panda only 5 seconds now think
fast
[Music]
it's on the right side toward the middle
of the picture in a world dominated by
bunnies can you spot this secret egg
here's your 7 second timer
it's in the bottom-left pocket
let's see how good you are with optical
illusions here's an image of a dog's
head its ears look like cats but can you
find another animal hiding in the image
there's a snake right where the cat
tails meet now I got a board filled with
s's or is it one of the symbols is
different only five seconds to find it
[Music]
there's a dollar sign towards the right
in the third row this isn't just a
festival of boughs there's a wrapped
present hiding in the crowd hurry help
me find it it's at the bottom left
corner did you know a group of cats is
called a clowder
well this clutter has dozens of cats but
one of them is actually a bunny can you
find the imposter
it's hiding on the left close to the
middle there are a ton of game consoles
and equipment in this illustration but
one item doesn't belong can you spot the
book in seven seconds it's in the top
right corner in this enthusiastic crowd
of pandas a soccer ball is camouflaging
like a pro can you find it in five
seconds it's toward the right in the
middle I got 100 Pikachu's here but one
of them is different can you spot the
odd one out it's the one with a black
tip of its ear missing okay Instagrammer
which one of these icons doesn't look
like the rest I'll give you seven
seconds for this one the one that's
flipped upside down in the bottom right
corner apart from the Fox you see in
this photo another animal is hiding
where is it five seconds should be
enough a dolphin is right between the
Fox and its tail a scenic view from my
window
but wait are those facing find five in
seven seconds to earn your point
there's one in the water two in the
clouds one in the leaves of a large tree
and a tiny figure that poses as a tree
two animals are disguised in the image
I'll give you five seconds to spot them
there's a tiger and a monkey there are
dozens of animals in this optical
illusion how long will it take you to
find the rabbit
you only get a point if you can do it
within seven seconds it's at the bottom
slightly to the left a board filled with
cursive B's but one of the letters isn't
like the rest help me find it please
there's an H in the fifth row toward the
right in this colorful set of flip-flops
there's a steak posing as a shoe let's
see which one it is
the one that's red with little brown
grill lines on it a vegetable is hiding
among these apple pies here's a hint it
makes you cry can you spot it there's an
onion in the top-left corner
dozens of closed padlocks but one of
them is open where is it there it is
with the end of its shackle visible in
this delicious sushi platter with beans
and avocados there's a tiny caterpillar
munching away can you find it it's
hiding right below this lettuce donut
pool floaties fine but one of them is a
real donut can you find which one hurry
5 seconds before it's all soggy and ruin
it's in the top right corner
this picture shows 100 houses but 99 of
them are identical and one of them is
different you have five seconds to spot
it
it's the only one with a chimney a tiny
rabbit is peeking out at you amongst the
mushrooms in this forest you get seven
seconds for this toffee it's hiding over
there behind the gray mushroom one of
the flowers doesn't match the rest of
them let's see if you can find it it's
the one without a center there's a tiny
pencil hiding in this set of hardcover
books here are seven seconds for you to
look it's right in the middle this is
Sid he's lying on his bed watching a
movie on his tablet but there's
something wrong with these almost
identical photos one single difference
can you spot it in 7 seconds there's no
cloud in the frame picture on his wall
this is just a regular campsite near the
lake but wait a sack what's missing in
the second picture
the tiny rock on the left side these two
photos of the same apartment have one
tiny difference let's see if you can
find it before the timer runs out the
line on the vase is missing ah a
collection of all my favorite fruits
between the two shots
you must spot the difference in five
seconds there's no leaf on the pear in
the second one now about in this city
scene I snapped a picture of this
morning can you find what's different
between these two shots one of the
window dividers on the bus is missing
these fish are swimming at the bottom of
the ocean but something is missing in
one of the photos what is it you're
seven seconds start now
[Music]
the small snail shell isn't on the sand
in the second pic this quaint little
neighborhood as a coffee house some nice
restaurants and a flower shop but the
photo next to it seems off what's wrong
with it
[Music]
one of the windows in that building is
missing my friend borrowed some of my
shoes good thing I took before pics
because when I got them back I noticed
something was wrong can you see what
shocked me the star on one of my
sneakers is missing I snapped a few
nature shots on my last camping trip
when I developed this one I saw a
camouflaged creature can you spot it in
five seconds it's the brown owl hidden
in the tree there's a number hiding
among the colorful circles which one is
it it's the number three I've got so
many pigs in my backyard that another
animal was able to hide among them can
you find it
[Music]
it's a tiny hippo time for your results
if you got 26 to 41 points you're very
detail-oriented you can spot tiny
mistakes without much effort I got
nothing else to teach you for 12 to 25
points you're almost there
you just need to pay more attention to
details and scan everything thoroughly
if you got less than 12 points you must
be more of a big picture type because
small details evade you hey
practice makes perfect see you next time